The Fedora Project Contributor Agreement
[Version 2015-02-03]


Goal
----

We require that contributors to Fedora (as defined below) agree to
this Fedora Project Contributor Agreement (FPCA) to ensure that
contributions to Fedora have acceptable licensing terms.


Non-Goals
---------

The FPCA is *not* a copyright assignment agreement.

The FPCA does *not* somehow supersede the existing licensing terms
that apply to Fedora contributions.  There are two important subpoints
here.  First, the FPCA does not apply to upstream code (or other
material) that you didn't write; indeed, it would be preposterous for
it to attempt to do so.  Note the narrow way in which we have defined
capital-c "Contribution".  Second, the main provision of the FPCA
specifies that a default license will apply to code that you wrote,
but only to the extent that you have not bothered to put an explicit
license on it. Therefore, the FPCA is *not* some sort of special
permissive license granted to any party, despite the explicit choice
of a more restrictive license by you or by upstream developers.


Terms
-----

0.  Definitions.

"Acceptable License For Fedora" means a license selected from the
appropriate categorical sublist of the full list of acceptable
licenses for Fedora, currently located at
https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Licensing, as that list may be revised
from time to time by the Fedora Council.  "Acceptable Licenses
For Fedora" means that full list.

"CC-BY-SA" means the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0
Unported license, as published at
<http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/legalcode>.

"Code" means (i) software code, (ii) any other functional material
whose principal purpose is to control or facilitate the building of
packages, such as an RPM spec file, (iii) font files, and (iv) other
kinds of copyrightable material that the Fedora Council has
classified as "code" rather than "content".

"Content" means any copyrightable material that is not Code, such as,
without limitation, (i) non-functional data sets, (ii) documentation,
(iii) wiki edits, (iv) music files, (v) graphic image files, (vi) help
files, and (vii) other kinds of copyrightable material that the Fedora
Council has classified as "content" rather than "code".

"Contribution" means a Work that You created, excluding any portion
that was created by someone else.  (For example, if You Submit a
package to Fedora, the spec file You write may be a Contribution, but
all the upstream code in the associated SRPM that You did not write is
not a Contribution for purposes of this FPCA.)  A Contribution
consists either of Code or of Content.

"Current Default License", with respect to a Contribution, means (i)
if the Contribution is Code, the MIT License, and (ii) if the
Contribution is Content, CC-BY-SA supplemented by Moral Rights Clause
Waiver and GPL Relicensing Permission.

"Fedora" means the community project led by the Fedora Council
<https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Council>.

"Fedora Community" means (i) all Fedora participants, and (ii) all
persons receiving Contributions directly or indirectly from or through
Fedora.

"GPL" means the GNU General Public License, version 2 or any later
version published by the Free Software Foundation, or the GNU Affero
General Public License, version 3 or any later version published by
the Free Software Foundation.

"GPL-Covered Derivative" of a Contribution means an adaptation or
derivative work of the Contribution, or a compilation that includes
the Contribution (or such adaptation or derivative work), where such
adaptation, derivative work, or compilation, if distributed or made
available to the public, would be required to be licensed under the
GPL because it is based on or includes a Work governed by the GPL.

"GPL Relicensing Permission", with respect to a Contribution licensed
under CC-BY-SA, means a grant of additional copyright permission to
distribute or make available to the public a copy of a GPL-Covered
Derivative of the Contribution under the terms of the applicable
version of the GPL, with no conditions of CC-BY-SA that would be
treated as "further restrictions" within the meaning of the applicable
version of the GPL surviving such distribution with respect to that
copy.

"Licensed" means covered by explicit licensing terms that are
conspicuous and readily discernible to recipients.

"MIT License" means the license identified as "Modern Style with
sublicense" at
<https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Licensing:MIT#Modern_Style_with_sublicense>.

"Moral Rights Clause Waiver" means a waiver of the right to enforce,
and an agreement not to assert, Section 4d of CC-BY-SA against the
Fedora Community, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

"Submit" means to use some mode of digital communication (for example,
without limitation, mailing lists, bug tracking systems, and source
code version control systems administered by Fedora) to voluntarily
provide a Contribution to Fedora.

"Unlicensed" means not Licensed.

"Work" means a copyrightable work of authorship. A Work may be a
portion of a larger Work, and a Work may be a modification of or
addition to another Work.

"You" means the individual accepting this instance of the FPCA.


1. Copyright Permission Required for All Contributions.

If You are not the copyright holder of a given Contribution that You
wish to Submit to Fedora (for example, if Your employer or university
holds copyright in it), it is Your responsibility to first obtain
authorization from the copyright holder to Submit the Contribution
under the terms of this FPCA on behalf of, or otherwise with the
permission of, that copyright holder.  One form of such authorization
is for the copyright holder to place, or permit You to place, an
Acceptable License For Fedora on the Contribution.


2.  Licensed Contributions.

If Your Contribution is Licensed, Your Contribution will be governed
by the terms under which it has been licensed.


3.  Default Licensing of Unlicensed Contributions.

If You Submit an Unlicensed Contribution to Fedora, the license to the
Fedora Community for that Contribution shall be the Current Default
License.

The Fedora Council may, by public announcement, subsequently
designate an additional or alternative default license for a given
category of Contribution (a "Later Default License"). A Later Default
License shall be chosen from the appropriate categorical sublist of
Acceptable Licenses For Fedora.

Once a Later Default License has been designated, Your Unlicensed
Contribution shall also be licensed to the Fedora Community under that
Later Default License.  Such designation shall not affect the
continuing applicability of the Current Default License to Your
Contribution.

You consent to having Fedora provide reasonable notice of Your
licensing of Your Contribution under the Current Default License (and,
if applicable, a Later Default License) in a manner determined by
Fedora.

4.  Public Domain United States Government Works.

Sections 1 through 3 of this FPCA do not apply to any Contribution to
the extent that it is a work of the United States Government for which
copyright is unavailable under 17 U.S.C. 105.
 
5.  Acceptance.

You must signify Your assent to the terms of this FPCA through
specific electronic means established by Fedora (such as by
click-through acceptance means).

You may also, at Your option, and without eliminating the requirement
set forth in the preceding paragraph, send a copy of this FPCA,
bearing Your written signature indicating Your acceptance of its
terms, by email to legal@fedoraproject.org, by fax to +1 919 754 3704,
or by postal mail to:

  Fedora Legal
  c/o Red Hat, Inc.
  100 East Davie Street
  Raleigh, NC 27601
  USA
